Fix broken link on home page (#141)
SU-SWS/decanter-web: content/index.md

 <h3>Decanter Design System</h3>
        <p>Familiarize yourself with our foundational styles, components, and naming conventions using the Decanter Design System in Figma.</p>

>         <a href="page/use-decanter-as-a-designer/" class="su-link su-link--action">Learn about the Decanter Design System</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <a href="page/components/" class="su-link su-link--action">Learn about the Decanter Design System</a>
```

Reviewer: Thanks @georgebuilds 

Slight change in the URL if I could be so brash and commit this suggestion.
